Placeholders (#343)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/checkout/containers/terms-and-conditions.mdx

  - **`text`**
    Optional attribute that contains directly the text to show, and it accepts HTML with links to a specific page in EDS. In case this attribute is not provided, the `translationId` must to. Finally, if both `text` and `translationId` are provided, the `text` has more preference and its content will be shown
  - **`translationId`**

>     Optional attribute that is a reference to the translation label which contains the text to show on the checkbox. First of all the component tries to find this label identifier into the **`placeholders/checkout.json`** file, otherwise it tries to find it as a default dictionary entry. In case this attribute is not provided, the `text` must to. As reminder, if both `text` and `translationId` are provided, the `text` has more preference and its content will be shown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This attribute references the translation label that contains the checkbox text. It first looks in the placeholders/checkout.json file for this label identifier, otherwise it looks up the entry in the dictionary. This attribute must be provided if it is not. As a reminder, if both `text` and `translationId` are provided, the `text` has more preference and its content will be shown.
```
